README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/gemini_sparkle_v002_d4735304ff6292a690345.svg" alt="Gemini Logo" width="80"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">🎯 AI Technical Interviewer</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Powered by Google Agent Development Kit (ADK) & Gemini</strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://google.github.io/adk-docs/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-Google%20ADK-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white" alt="Google ADK"/></a>
  <a href="https://ai.google.dev/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Powered%20by-Gemini-8E75B2?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white" alt="Gemini"/></a>
  <a href="https://cloud.google.com/run"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Deploy%20on-Cloud%20Run-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white" alt="Cloud Run"/></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#-features">Features</a> •
  <a href="#-quick-start">Quick Start</a> •
  <a href="#️-architecture">Architecture</a> •
  <a href="#️-deployment">Deploy</a> •
  <a href="#-contributing">Contributing</a>
</p>

---

> **v4.5 - Advanced AI interviewer with guided learning, multi-dimensional scoring, and adaptive difficulty modes.** Powered by Google's Agent Development Kit and Gemini 2.5, featuring 6 specialized sub-agents for comprehensive interview preparation.

---

## ✨ Features

### Core Capabilities
| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| 🎓 **Guided Learning Mode** | Study CS concepts with Socratic method & progressive hints |
| 🎯 **Multi-Agent Scoring** | Parallel evaluation: technical, communication, problem-solving |
| 🎚️ **Difficulty Modes** | Quick Screen (15min), Standard (45min), Deep Technical (90min) |
| 💬 **Answer Critique** | Get improvement suggestions & validation feedback |
| 🧠 **Adaptive Questions** | Dynamic difficulty based on performance |
| 💻 **Code Execution** | Run Python code in sandboxed environment |
| 🛡️ **Safety Screening** | Content moderation & bias detection |

### Technical
| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| 🌐 **ADK Web UI** | Beautiful interface out of the box |
| ☁️ **Cloud Ready** | One-click deploy to GCP Cloud Run (Free Tier) |
| 📊 **Session State** | Persistent interview sessions |
| 🔄 **Multi-Agent** | 6 specialized sub-agents with orchestration |

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.11+
- [Google AI Studio API Key](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey) (Free)

### Installation

```bash
# Clone
git clone https://github.com/VIKAS9793/ai-interviewer-google-adk.git
cd ai-interviewer-google-adk
git checkout google-adk

# Setup
python -m venv .venv
.venv\Scripts\activate  # Windows | source .venv/bin/activate # Linux/Mac
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Configure
cp .env.example .env
# Add your GOOGLE_API_KEY to .env

# Run
adk web src
```

Open [http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000) 🚀

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

### v4.5 Multi-Agent System (6 Specialists)

```
root_agent (Orchestrator)
  ├── interviewer_agent     (Questions & Evaluation)
  ├── resume_agent          (Resume & JD Analysis)
  ├── coding_agent          (BuiltInCodeExecutor)
  ├── safety_agent          (Content Moderation)
  ├── study_agent           (Guided Learning)
  └── critic_agent          (Answer Critique)

Optional:
  └── scoring_coordinator   (Multi-dimensional Scoring)
      ├── technical_scorer
      ├── communication_scorer
      └── problem_solving_scorer
```

**How It Works:**
1. **Root Agent** orchestrates 6 specialist sub-agents
2. **Interviewer** generates adaptive questions & evaluates answers
3. **Resume** parses resumes and analyzes job descriptions
4. **Coding** executes Python code in sandboxed environment
5. **Safety** monitors content for bias and inappropriate content
6. **Study** provides guided learning with explanations & hints
7. **Critic** validates questions and critiques answers
8. **Scoring Coordinator** (optional) provides multi-dimensional assessment

All powered by **Gemini 2.5 Flash-Lite**.

### Tech Stack

| Layer | Technology |
|-------|------------|
| **Framework** | [Google Agent Development Kit](https://google.github.io/adk-docs/) |
| **LLM** | [Gemini 2.5 Flash-Lite](https://ai.google.dev/) |
| **Web UI** | ADK Web (`adk web`) |
| **Deployment** | Google Cloud Run |
| **State** | ADK SessionService |

---

## 💡 Usage Examples

### Interview Mode
```
👤 "Start a system design interview"
🤖 Interviews you with adaptive questions
```

### Study Mode (v4.2)
```
👤 "Explain binary search trees"
🎓 In-depth concept explanation with examples

👤 "Give me a hint for two-sum problem"
🎓 Level 1: Gentle direction
🎓 Level 2: Algorithm suggestion  
🎓 Level 3: Detailed pseudocode
```

### Difficulty Modes (v4.4)
```
👤 "Quick screen for junior developer"
⚡ 15-min, 3-5 easy/medium questions

👤 "Standard technical interview"
🎯 45-min, comprehensive assessment

👤 "Deep technical for senior engineer"
🔬 90-min, expert-level questions
```

---

## ☁️ Deployment

### Google Cloud Run (Free Tier)

```bash
# Authenticate
gcloud auth login

# Deploy (one command!)
gcloud run deploy ai-interviewer \
  --source . \
  --region us-central1 \
  --allow-unauthenticated \
  --set-env-vars GOOGLE_API_KEY=your_key_here
```

**Free Tier:** 2M requests/month, 360,000 GB-seconds

See [docs/DEPLOYMENT.md](docs/DEPLOYMENT.md) for details.

---

## 📚 Documentation

- [Architecture Details](docs/ARCHITECTURE.md)
- [Setup Guide](docs/SETUP.md)
- [Deployment](docs/DEPLOYMENT.md)
- [Contributing](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Changelog](docs/CHANGELOG.md)
- [Security](docs/SECURITY.md)

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions welcome! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

---

## � License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE)

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Google ADK Team for the amazing framework
- Gemini AI for powering intelligence
- Open source community for inspiration

---

<p align="center">
  <strong>Built with ❤️ using Google's Agent Development Kit</strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/VIKAS9793/ai-interviewer-google-adk">⭐ Star on GitHub</a>
</p>

Commit message:

docs: Document file upload feature across all documentation files

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://www.gstatic.com/lamda/images/gemini_sparkle_v002_d4735304ff6292a690345.svg" alt="Gemini Logo" width="80"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">🎯 AI Technical Interviewer</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Powered by Google Agent Development Kit (ADK) & Gemini</strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://google.github.io/adk-docs/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-Google%20ADK-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white" alt="Google ADK"/></a>
  <a href="https://ai.google.dev/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Powered%20by-Gemini-8E75B2?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white" alt="Gemini"/></a>
  <a href="https://cloud.google.com/run"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Deploy%20on-Cloud%20Run-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white" alt="Cloud Run"/></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#-features">Features</a> •
  <a href="#-quick-start">Quick Start</a> •
  <a href="#️-architecture">Architecture</a> •
  <a href="#️-deployment">Deploy</a> •
  <a href="#-contributing">Contributing</a>
</p>

---

> **v4.5 - Advanced AI interviewer with guided learning, multi-dimensional scoring, and adaptive difficulty modes.** Powered by Google's Agent Development Kit and Gemini 2.5, featuring 6 specialized sub-agents for comprehensive interview preparation.

---

## ✨ Features

### Core Capabilities
| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| 🎓 **Guided Learning Mode** | Study CS concepts with Socratic method & progressive hints |
| 🎯 **Multi-Agent Scoring** | Parallel evaluation: technical, communication, problem-solving |
| 🎚️ **Difficulty Modes** | Quick Screen (15min), Standard (45min), Deep Technical (90min) |
| 💬 **Answer Critique** | Get improvement suggestions & validation feedback |
| 🧠 **Adaptive Questions** | Dynamic difficulty based on performance |
| 💻 **Code Execution** | Run Python code in sandboxed environment |
| 🛡️ **Safety Screening** | Content moderation & bias detection |
| 📎 **File Upload** | Upload resumes as PDF, DOCX, or plain text |

### Technical
| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| 🌐 **ADK Web UI** | Beautiful interface out of the box |
| ☁️ **Cloud Ready** | One-click deploy to GCP Cloud Run (Free Tier) |
| 📊 **Session State** | Persistent interview sessions |
| 🔄 **Multi-Agent** | 6 specialized sub-agents with orchestration |

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.11+
- [Google AI Studio API Key](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey) (Free)

### Installation

```bash
# Clone
git clone https://github.com/VIKAS9793/ai-interviewer-google-adk.git
cd ai-interviewer-google-adk
git checkout google-adk

# Setup
python -m venv .venv
.venv\Scripts\activate  # Windows | source .venv/bin/activate # Linux/Mac
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Configure
cp .env.example .env
# Add your GOOGLE_API_KEY to .env

# Run
adk web src
```

Open [http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000) 🚀

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

### v4.5 Multi-Agent System (6 Specialists)

```
root_agent (Orchestrator)
  ├── interviewer_agent     (Questions & Evaluation)
  ├── resume_agent          (Resume & JD Analysis)
  ├── coding_agent          (BuiltInCodeExecutor)
  ├── safety_agent          (Content Moderation)
  ├── study_agent           (Guided Learning)
  └── critic_agent          (Answer Critique)

Optional:
  └── scoring_coordinator   (Multi-dimensional Scoring)
      ├── technical_scorer
      ├── communication_scorer
      └── problem_solving_scorer
```

**How It Works:**
1. **Root Agent** orchestrates 6 specialist sub-agents
2. **Interviewer** generates adaptive questions & evaluates answers
3. **Resume** parses resumes and analyzes job descriptions
4. **Coding** executes Python code in sandboxed environment
5. **Safety** monitors content for bias and inappropriate content
6. **Study** provides guided learning with explanations & hints
7. **Critic** validates questions and critiques answers
8. **Scoring Coordinator** (optional) provides multi-dimensional assessment

All powered by **Gemini 2.5 Flash-Lite**.

### Tech Stack

| Layer | Technology |
|-------|------------|
| **Framework** | [Google Agent Development Kit](https://google.github.io/adk-docs/) |
| **LLM** | [Gemini 2.5 Flash-Lite](https://ai.google.dev/) |
| **Web UI** | ADK Web (`adk web`) |
| **Deployment** | Google Cloud Run |
| **State** | ADK SessionService |

---

## 💡 Usage Examples

### Interview Mode
```
👤 "Start a system design interview"
🤖 Interviews you with adaptive questions
```

### Study Mode (v4.2)
```
👤 "Explain binary search trees"
🎓 In-depth concept explanation with examples

👤 "Give me a hint for two-sum problem"
🎓 Level 1: Gentle direction
🎓 Level 2: Algorithm suggestion  
🎓 Level 3: Detailed pseudocode
```

### Difficulty Modes (v4.4)
```
👤 "Quick screen for junior developer"
⚡ 15-min, 3-5 easy/medium questions

👤 "Standard technical interview"
🎯 45-min, comprehensive assessment

👤 "Deep technical for senior engineer"
🔬 90-min, expert-level questions
```

---

## ☁️ Deployment

### Google Cloud Run (Free Tier)

```bash
# Authenticate
gcloud auth login

# Deploy (one command!)
gcloud run deploy ai-interviewer \
  --source . \
  --region us-central1 \
  --allow-unauthenticated \
  --set-env-vars GOOGLE_API_KEY=your_key_here
```

**Free Tier:** 2M requests/month, 360,000 GB-seconds

See [docs/DEPLOYMENT.md](docs/DEPLOYMENT.md) for details.

---

## 📚 Documentation

- [Architecture Details](docs/ARCHITECTURE.md)
- [Setup Guide](docs/SETUP.md)
- [Deployment](docs/DEPLOYMENT.md)
- [Contributing](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Changelog](docs/CHANGELOG.md)
- [Security](docs/SECURITY.md)

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions welcome! See [CONTRIBUTING.md](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md).

---

## � License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE)

---

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Google ADK Team for the amazing framework
- Gemini AI for powering intelligence
- Open source community for inspiration

---

<p align="center">
  <strong>Built with ❤️ using Google's Agent Development Kit</strong>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/VIKAS9793/ai-interviewer-google-adk">⭐ Star on GitHub</a>
</p>
