docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to AI Interviewer

We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

*   Reporting a bug
*   Discussing the current state of the code
*   Submitting a fix
*   Proposing new features

## Our Development Process

1.  **Fork the repo** and create your branch from `main`.
2.  **Install dependencies** using `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
3.  **Run tests** to ensure the legacy code is not broken:
    ```bash
    pytest tests/
    ```
4.  **Type checking** (recommended before submitting PR):
    ```bash
    pip install mypy
    mypy src/ --config-file mypy.ini
    ```
    The project uses `mypy` for static type checking. All code should pass type checks or include appropriate `# type: ignore` comments for optional dependencies.
5.  If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
6.  **Shadow Mode:** If adding experimental agent features, please implement them in "Shadow Mode" (non-blocking try/except blocks) first.
7.  **License:** Ensure your code is compatible with the MIT License.

## Pull Requests

We use GitHub Pull Requests to manage changes.
1. Fill in the required template
2. Do not include issue numbers in the PR title
3. Include screenshots and animated GIFs in your pull request whenever possible.

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.

Commit message:

docs: Add comprehensive Type Checking Troubleshooting Guide
- Create TYPE_CHECKING_GUIDE.md with complete mypy troubleshooting
- Document all type errors we encountered and their fixes
- Include Local vs CI environment differences table
- Add real-world examples from the project
- Document best practices (cast vs type ignore, TypedDict, etc.)
- Add quick reference for common error codes
- Update TROUBLESHOOTING.md and CONTRIBUTING.md with references
- Update README.md documentation table

This guide helps developers resolve type checking issues, especially
when CI fails but local passes, with comprehensive examples and solutions.

docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to AI Interviewer

We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

*   Reporting a bug
*   Discussing the current state of the code
*   Submitting a fix
*   Proposing new features

## Our Development Process

1.  **Fork the repo** and create your branch from `main`.
2.  **Install dependencies** using `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
3.  **Run tests** to ensure the legacy code is not broken:
    ```bash
    pytest tests/
    ```
4.  **Type checking** (recommended before submitting PR):
    ```bash
    pip install mypy
    mypy src/ --config-file mypy.ini
    ```
    The project uses `mypy` for static type checking. All code should pass type checks or include appropriate `# type: ignore` comments for optional dependencies.
    
    **⚠️ Important:** If CI fails but local passes, see the [Type Checking Guide](docs/TYPE_CHECKING_GUIDE.md) for troubleshooting.
5.  If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
6.  **Shadow Mode:** If adding experimental agent features, please implement them in "Shadow Mode" (non-blocking try/except blocks) first.
7.  **License:** Ensure your code is compatible with the MIT License.

## Pull Requests

We use GitHub Pull Requests to manage changes.
1. Fill in the required template
2. Do not include issue numbers in the PR title
3. Include screenshots and animated GIFs in your pull request whenever possible.

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.
