docs/SETUP.md, before:

# 🛠️ Setup & Installation Guide

> **Last Updated:** 2025-12-12
> **Version:** 2.3.1 (Stability Patch)

## 📋 Prerequisites

1. **Python 3.11+**: [Download Here](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. **HuggingFace Account**: [Sign Up Here](https://huggingface.co/join)
3. **System Libraries** (for Voice & File Processing):
    - **FFmpeg**: Required for audio processing.
    - **libmagic**: Required for file type detection (install `python-magic-bin` on Windows).

> [!NOTE]
> This application runs on **HuggingFace Spaces** or locally with the HuggingFace Inference API. No local GPU or Ollama required.

---

## ☁️ Option 1: HuggingFace Spaces (Recommended)

The easiest way to use the AI Interviewer:

1. Visit: **https://huggingface.co/spaces/Vikas9793/ai-interviewer**
2. Enter your name and select a topic
3. Start your interview!

No installation required.

---

## 💻 Option 2: Local Installation

### 1. Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/VIKAS9793/ai-interviewer-langchain.git
cd ai-interviewer-langchain
git checkout cloud  # Use cloud branch
```

### 2. Set Up Virtual Environment

**Windows:**
```powershell
python -m venv venv
.\venv\Scripts\activate
```

**macOS / Linux:**
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

### 3. Install Dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Configure API Token
```bash
# Windows (PowerShell)
$env:HF_TOKEN = "your_huggingface_token"

# macOS / Linux
export HF_TOKEN="your_huggingface_token"
```

### 5. Run the Application
```bash
python main.py
```

The web interface launches at: `http://localhost:7860`

---

## ⚠️ Common Issues

| Issue | Solution |
|-------|----------|
| Model loading slow | First request may take 30-60s for model warmup |
| 401 Unauthorized | Check HF_TOKEN is set correctly |
| Rate limited | Wait 1 minute or upgrade HuggingFace account |
| Port 7860 in use | App auto-finds next available port |

---

## 🧪 Verification

Test your installation:
```bash
pytest tests/ -v
```

Commit message:

Release v3.0.0: Cognitive Architecture Upgrade (RAG, Critic, Learner), Micro-Services, and Docker Support

docs/SETUP.md, after:

# 🛠️ Setup & Installation Guide

> **Last Updated:** 2025-12-12
> **Version:** 3.0.0 (The Cognitive Upgrade)

## 📋 Prerequisites

1. **Python 3.11+**: [Download Here](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. **HuggingFace Account**: [Sign Up Here](https://huggingface.co/join)
3. **Docker** (Optional, recommended for production)

> [!NOTE]
> This application runs on **HuggingFace Spaces** (Dockerized) or locally. No local GPU is required (Inference API used).

---

## ☁️ Option 1: HuggingFace Spaces (Recommended)

The easiest way to use the AI Interviewer:

1. Visit: **https://huggingface.co/spaces/Vikas9793/ai-interviewer**
2. Enter your name and select a topic.
3. Start your interview!

---

## 🐳 Option 2: Docker (Production-Ready)

This ensures you run the exact environment deployed to the cloud.

```bash
# Build the container
docker build -t ai-interviewer .

# Run the container (Exposes port 7860)
# Note: Replace 'your_token' with your actual HF Token
docker run -p 7860:7860 \
  -e HF_TOKEN="your_token" \
  ai-interviewer
```

Access at: `http://localhost:7860`

---

## 💻 Option 3: Local Dev Environment

### 1. Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/VIKAS9793/ai-interviewer-langchain.git
cd ai-interviewer-langchain
# Main branch contains the stable v3.0 release
```

### 2. Set Up Virtual Environment

**Windows:**
```powershell
python -m venv venv
.\venv\Scripts\activate
```

**macOS / Linux:**
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

### 3. Install Dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Configure API Token
```bash
# Windows (PowerShell)
$env:HF_TOKEN = "your_huggingface_token"

# macOS / Linux
export HF_TOKEN="your_huggingface_token"
```

### 5. Run the Application
```bash
python main.py
```

The web interface launches at: `http://localhost:7860`

---

## ⚠️ Common Issues

| Issue | Solution |
|-------|----------|
| **Model loading slow** | First request may take 30-60s for model warmup |
| **401 Unauthorized** | Check `HF_TOKEN` is set correctly |
| **403 Forbidden** | Ensure your HF Token has `write` permissions (if pushing) or `read` (if using inference) |
| **Port 7860 in use** | App auto-finds next available port |

---

## 🧪 Verification

Test your installation:
```bash
pytest tests/ -v
```
